documentation updates (#44)
ml-explore/mlx-swift: Source/MLX/Documentation.docc/Articles/running-on-ios.md

Metal's [recommendedMaxWorkingSetSize()](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/metal/mtldevice/2369280-recommendedmaxworkingsetsize)
but you may wish to limit this further.

For example, to evaluate an LLM you might allow up to 20 megabytes of buffer cache via ``GPU/set(cacheLimit:)``.

```swift
MLX.GPU.set(cacheLimit: 20 * 1024 * 1024)
```

``GPU/snapshot()`` can be used to monitor memory use over time:

```swift
// load model & weights
...

let startMemory = GPU.snapshot()

// work
...

let endMemory = GPU.snapshot()

// what stats are interesting to you?

print("=======")
print("Memory size: \(GPU.memoryLimit / 1024)K")
print("Cache size:  \(GPU.cacheLimit / 1024)K")

print("")
print("=======")
print("Starting memory")
print(startMemory.description)

print("")
print("=======")
print("Ending memory")
print(endMemory.description)

print("")
print("=======")
print("Growth")
print(startMemory.delta(endMemory).description)
```

It may be interesting to print the current memory statistics during evaluation if
you want to see performance over time.

> 
> Decreasing this number to 0 will result in decreased performance due to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Decreasing the cache limit to 0 will result in decreased performance due to the
```

The reference is kind of lost with the additional text inbetween.
